# Scientific Publications and Documents


## Theory of surface second-harmonic generation for semiconductors including effects of nonlocal operators (2015)

We formulate a theoretical approach of surface second-harmonic generation from semiconductor surfaces based on the length gauge and the electron density operator. Within the independent particle approximation the nonlinear second-order surface susceptibility tensor <b><i>χ</i></b>(-2ω; ω, ω) is calculated, including in one unique formulation (i) the scissors correction, needed to have the correct value of the energy band gap, (ii) the contribution of the nonlocal part of the pseudopotentials, routinely  used in <i>ab initio</i> band structure calculations, and (iii) the derivation for the inclusion of the cut function, used to extract the surface response. The first two contributions are described by spatially nonlocal quantum mechanical operators and are fully taken into account in the present formulation. As a test-case of the approach we calculate <b><i>χ</i></b>(-2ω; ω, ω) for the clean Si(001)2x1 reconstructed surface. The effects of the scissors correction and of the nonlocal part of the pseudopotentials are discussed in surface nonlinear optics. The scissors correction shifts the spectrum to higher energies though the shifting is not rigid and mixes the $1\omega$ and $2\omega$ resonances, and has a strong influence in the line-shape. The effects of the nonlocal part of the pseudopotentials keeps the same line-shape of |<i>χ</i><sup>xxx</sup><sub>2x1</sub>(-2ω; ω, ω)|, but reduces its value by 15-20 %. Therefore, the inclusion of the three aforementioned contributions is very important and makes our scheme unprecedented and opens the possibility to study surface second-harmonic generation with more versatility and providing more accurate results.


## Improved <i>ab initio</i> calculation of surface second-harmonic generation from Si(111)(1x1):H (2016)

We carry out an improved <i>ab initio</i> calculation of surface second-harmonic generation from the Si(111)(1x1):H surface. This calculation includes three new features in one unique formulation: (i) the scissors correction, (ii) the contribution of the nonlocal part of the pseudopotentials, and (iii) the inclusion of a cut function for extracting the surface response, all within the independent particle approximation. We apply these improvements on the Si(111)(1x1):H surface and compare with various experimental spectra from several different sources. We also revisit the three layer model for the SHG yield and demonstrate that it provides more accurate results over several, more common, two layer models. We demonstrate the importance of using properly relaxed coordinates for the theoretical calculations. Our comparisons also indicate the effects of temperature, and surface adsorption on the second-harmonic radiation yield. We conclude that this new approach to the calculation of the second-harmonic spectra is versatile and accurate within this level of approximation. This well-characterized surface offers an excellent platform for comparison with theory, and allows us to offer this study as an efficient benchmark for these types of calculations.


## The three-layer model for the surface second-harmonic generation yield including multiple reflections (2016)

We present the three-layer model to calculate the surface second harmonic generation (SSGH) yield. This model considers that the surface is represented by three regions or layers. The first layer is the vacuum region with a dielectric function <b>ε</b><sub><i>v</i></sub>(ω)=1 from where the fundamental electric field impinges on the material. The second layer is a thin layer (<i>&#8467;</i>) of thickness <i>d</i> characterized by a dielectric function <b>ε</b><sub><i>&#8467;</i></sub>(ω), and it is in this layer where the SSHG takes place. The third layer is the bulk region denoted by <i>b</i> and characterized by <b>ε</b><sub><i>b</i></sub>(ω). Both the vacuum and bulk layers are semi-infinite. The model includes the multiple reflections of both the fundamental and the second-harmonic (SH) fields that take place at the thin layer <i>&#8467;</i>. We obtain explicit expressions for the SSHG yield for the commonly used <i>s</i> and <i>p</i> polarizations of the incoming 1ω and outgoing 2ω electric fields, where no assumptions for the symmetry of the surface are made. These symmetry assumptions ultimately determine which components of the surface nonlinear second order susceptibility tensor <b><i>χ</i></b>(-2ω; ω, ω) are different from zero, and thus contribute to the SSHG yield. Then, we particularize the results for  the most commonly investigated surfaces, the (001), (110) and (111) crystallographic faces, taking their symmetries into account. We use the three-layer model and compare it against the experimental results of a Si(111)(1x1):H surface, as a test case, and use it to predict the SSHG yield of a Si(001)(2x1) surface.


## Depth dependent three-layer model for the surface second-harmonic generation yield (2017)

We present a generalization of the three-layer model to calculate the surface second harmonic generation (SSGH) yield, that includes the depth dependence of the surface nonlinear second order susceptibility tensor <b><i>χ</i></b>(-2ω; ω, ω). This model considers that the surface is represented by three regions or layers. The first layer is a semi-infinite vacuum region with a dielectric function <b>ε</b><sub><i>v</i></sub>(ω)=1, from where the fundamental electric field impinges on the material. The second layer is a thin layer (<i>&#8467;</i>) of thickness <i>d</i> characterized by a dielectric function <b>ε</b><sub><i>&#8467;</i></sub>, and it is in this layer where the SSHG takes place. We consider the position of <b><i>χ</i></b>(-2ω; ω, ω) within this surface layer. The third layer is the bulk region denoted by <i>b</i> and characterized by <b>ε</b><sub><i>b</i></sub>. We include the effects caused by the multiple reflections of both the fundamental and the second-harmonic (SH) fields that take place within the thin layer <i>&#8467;</i>. As a test case, we calculate <b><i>χ</i></b>(-2ω; ω, ω) for the Si(111)(1x1):H surface, and present a layer-by-layer study of the susceptibility to elucidate the depth dependence of the SHG spectrum. We then use the depth dependent three-layer model to calculate the SSHG yield, and contrast the calculated spectra with experimental data. We produce improved results over previous published work, as this treatment can reproduce key spectral features, is computationally viable for many systems, and most importantly remains completely <i>ab initio</i>.


## <i>Ab initio</i> Calculation of the Depth-Dependent Optical Reflectance From Layer-by-Layer Atomic Disorder (2017)

We present a simple model to study the effects of displacing a single atomic monolayer on the linear optical properties of a material. As an example, we calculate the change in reflectance of a Si(111)(1x1):H slab after disordering successively deeper atomic layers. We find that the reflectance varies significantly at photon energies above 2.0 eV, and that the disordered slab produces a larger reflectance than the relaxed slab. The results also show a quantitative difference in the contribution from the odd and even atomic layers to the calculated reflectance. This simplified model is a first approach; also, it can be extended to consider more realistic systems that can be probed by techniques such as coherent acoustic phonon (CAP) spectroscopy, and can also be applied to two-dimensional materials.
