In this article we carry out an improved ab initio calculation of surface
second-harmonic generation from the Si(111)(1x1):H surface. This calculation
includes three new features in one unique formulation: (i) the scissors
correction, (ii) the contribution of the nonlocal part of the pseudopotentials,
and (iii) the inclusion of a cut function to extract the surface response, all
within the independent particle approximation. We apply these improvements on
the Si(111)(1x1):H surface and compare with various experimental spectra from
several different sources. We also revisit the three layer model for the SHG
yield and demonstrate that it provides more accurate results over several, more
common, two layer models. We demonstrate the importance of using properly
relaxed coordinates for the theoretical calculations. Our comparisons also
indicate the effects of temperature and surface adsorption on the
second-harmonic radiation yield. We conclude that this new approach to the
calculation of the second-harmonic spectra is versatile and accurate within this
level of approximation. This well-characterized surface offers an excellent
platform for comparison with theory, and allows us to offer this study as an
efficient benchmark for this type of calculation. This work is based on our
previous publication with the same authors (Phys.Rev.B 91,075302 (2015)), and
most of the cited works appear in either Physical Review Letters or Physical
Review B, for which we think that this article would have excellent visibility
in Physical Review B as well.
