In this paper, we present the three-layer model to calculate the
surface second harmonic generation (SSGH) yield. This model considers
that the surface is represented by three regions or layers. The first
layer is the vacuum region with a dielectric function equal to one
from where the fundamental electric field impinges on the
material. The second layer is a thin layer of thickness d
characterized by its own dielectric function, and it is in this layer
where the SSHG takes place. The third layer is the bulk region
characterized by bulk dielectric function. Both the vacuum and bulk
layers are semi-infinite. The model includes the multiple reflections
of both the fundamental and the second-harmonic (SH) fields that take
place at the thin layer. We present explicit expressions for the SSHG
yield for the commonly used s and p polarizations of the incoming and
outgoing electric fields, where no assumptions for the symmetry of the
surface are made. These symmetry assumptions ultimately determine
which components of the surface nonlinear second order susceptibility
tensor are different from zero, and thus contribute to the SSHG
yield. Then, we particularize the results for the most commonly
investigated surfaces, the (001), (110) and (111) crystallographic
faces, taking their symmetries into account. We use the three-layer
model and compare it against the experimental results of a
Si(111)(1x1):H surface, as a test case, and use it to predict the SSHG
yield of a Si(001)(2x1) surface.  This work uses our previous
publication (Phys.Rev.B 91, 075302 (2015)), and most of the cited
works appear in either Physical Review Letters or Physical Review B,
for which we think that this article would have excellent visibility
in Physical Review B as well.
