Date: Thu, 18 Aug 2016 14:11:18 -0400 
Subject: Your_manuscript BU12998 Anderson 

---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Report of the First Referee -- BU12998/Anderson 
---------------------------------------------------------------------- 

The manuscript of Anderson and Mendoza is a comprehensive work devoted 
to the ab initio calculation of the second harmonic generation from 
the silicon surfaces. The incorporation of the multiple reflections of 
the fundamental and the second harmonic fields is its distinctive 
feature. SHG susceptibility tensor is taken as an input from the band 
structure calculations performed using the supercell approach. In 
general, the work is well written, the results are sound and they 
indeed show a substantial improvement over the calculations where 
multiple reflections were not taken into account. However, we should 
not forget that the theory is rather cumbersome, and some polishing of 
notations is needed. Therefore, I recommend the publication with a 
minor revision. 

Following points need to be addressed: 

1) Clear statement about the position of this work within already 
published results. In particular, I feel that authors contradict 
themselves when emphasizing the novelty and necessity of incorporation 
of multiple reflections and, at the same time, mentioning that ref. 18 
(published already in 1962) "was the first to develop a model to 
describe the second-harmonic (SH) radiation that considers the 
influence of multiple reflections in the reflected SH field". 

2) Eqs. (46), (56), are perhaps written in the shortest possible form. 
However, it does not provide any physical insight. As an alternative 
consider a matrix form of these (or similar) equations such as Eq. (3) 
of T. Andersen and W. Hübner, PRB 65, 174409 (2002). 

3) Another interesting aspect of this study that is worth mentioning 
is the total internal reflection for the second harmonic light and 
corresponding Goos-Hänchen shift. Such possibility was discussed by 
Bloembergen and Pershan (Ref. 18), recently the Goos-Hänchen shift was 
predicted for SH signal (Optics Express 21, 10878 (2013)) and observed 
experimentally (Sci. Rep. 6:19319 (2016)). However, no first 
principles calculations are available. 

4) Finally, I have a conceptual question: If we compute the SHG 
susceptibility tensor fully ab initio by taking all the geometry 
effects (i.e. presence of 3 layers) into account via the supercell 
approach should not it already incorporate all the light scattering 
effects? After all, chi is computed for the composite 3 layers system 
and not for a free standing central layer, cf. statement in the 
introduction "To mimic the semiinfinite system, we construct a 
supercell consisting of a finite slab of material plus a vacuum 
region". New J. Phys. 14 (2012) 093044 is a demonstration of such an 
interplay between the quantum-mechanical and optical approach to the 
second harmonic generation. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Report of the Second Referee -- BU12998/Anderson 
---------------------------------------------------------------------- 

The manuscript is well written and has the detailed theoretical 
analysis of surface second harmonic generation (SSHG) yield from the 
surface of a centrosymmetric material. The authors propose a 
three-layer model and have derived the complete expressions to 
calculate the SSHG yield taking into account the effects of multiple 
reflections inside the material from both the second harmonic and 
fundamental fields. 

They have used their new expressions (derived in detail) in the 
manuscript to successfully explain the past experimental observations. 
According to the authors, this work is an upgrade to the previously 
published article (reference 21) and now captures the effect of 
multiple reflections from the surfaces. However, the authors do not 
present any case where the importance of this improvement can be seen. 
It would be of help to bring out the importance of this work by at 
least showing something new that this model is now able to predict. 
This manuscript appears a good theoretical development to me but seems 
to lack the impact. 

Also the section numbers at the end of each reference should be 
removed. 

Overall I feel that the manuscript in its current form does not meet 
PRB's criteria. The authors should revise the manuscript to clearly 
bring out the significant impact of this theoretical work.
