The characterization and profiling of inhomogeneities in solid state materials
has become increasingly important for the development of new and improved
optoelectronic devices and technologies. There is great interest in determining
the effects of defects or impurities on the local optical properties of the host
materials. Optical probing techniques are non-invasive and usually work in-situ,
which positions them as promising tools in this field of study. Amongst these
techniques, coherent acoustic phonon (CAP) spectroscopy is particularly well
suited for the task.

CAP spectroscopy is an acousto-optical, pump-probe technique that involves an
ultrafast, high-intensity pump pulse impinging on an absorbing material, and a
second probe pulse that senses changes in the optical properties of the material
that are induced by the pump pulse. The pump pulse is absorbed at the surface,
establishing a transient strain wave at the sample surface that traverses the
material as a longitudinal acoustic phonon. This CAP wave acts as a localized
strained layer that moves down into the material at the material-specific phonon
velocity. It modifies the local dielectric constants, creates discontinuities,
and causes a periodic modulation of the optical properties. The CAP wave
effectively samples different layers as it travels through the material, which
allows it to probe optical properties as a function of depth and across material
interfaces, while remaining sensitive to lattice deformation and
inhomogeneities.

Of course, it is necessary to couple these experimental studies with the
necessary theoretical framework to support the observations. In a recent article
in physica status solidi (b), Sean M. Anderson, Bernardo S. Mendoza, and Ram√≥n
Carriles have developed a simple ab initio model to study the effects of atomic
disordering in a sample Silicon surface-bulk system. These ab initio
calculations can yield frequency-dependent optical functions that take into
account any lattice disorder, strain, inhomogeneities or defects that may be
present, while remaining computationally efficient and producing accurate
results. This enables an in-depth profiling of the interactions between
structural characteristics and the local optoelectronic properties of a given
material. In their model, they move the z-coordinate for each atomic monolayer,
one at a time, away from the equilibrium position in small, uniform
translations, starting from the surface layer down into the bulk. The linear
optical response function is then calculated for the entire structure, taking
into account the newly disordered atomic positions.

Their model could help in the understanding of the experiments based on
techniques such as CAP, and they have developed it accordingly to feature the
basic characteristics of these types of experiments. For instance, the authors
consider inter-atomic displacements of the same order as those induced in real
samples during a CAP experiment. These considerations result in calculated
reflectivity changes that are within the detection sensitivity range accessible
with lock-in techniques. The authors conclude that their model manages to yield
relevant insight about strain waves in surface-bulk systems, and helps elucidate
the physical phenomena dictating the observed changes in reflectance.


Figure caption:
Detectable changes in the reflectance of a crystalline Silicon surface can be
induced by moving single atomic monolayers away from their equilibrium
positions. The elongation and compression of the diagonal bonds are responsible
for the changes in the overall reflectance.
