----------------------------------------------------------------------
Report of the First Referee -- BZ12227/Anderson
----------------------------------------------------------------------
1. The authors claim that in this new formulation the scissor operator 
is correctly implemented respect to previous attempts to include it in 
the surface SHG response. Since some of the authors of the present 
paper are also author of the previous approaches (PRB 63, 2054406; PRB 
74, 075318) that “... incorrectly implemented” scissor operator, may 
they explain more in details what was wrong in the old papers and why 
now it is correct. 

2. The idea behind the scissor operator is to shift all the conduction 
bands of the same amount. While I can believe that this approximation 
is justified in a bulk material, why it should be in case for a 
surface? The shape and localization of surface states is different 
from the one of the bulk. There are cases where this approximation has 
been tested or compared with a full GW calculation for a surface? 

    Our response
    -----------------------
    As noted by the referee, the scissors operator is commonly used for bulk 
    materials. GW calculations have been performed in the case of the 
    Si(001)2x1 surface, see [PRB 52 1905 (1995)]. It shows that the surface 
    states “shift nearly rigidly in energy with respect to the LDA results so 
    that their dispersion remains almost unchanged”. Thus shifting this states 
    rigidly appears as a good approximation. Moreover the GW correction to the 
    surface gap (0.5eV Ref 65, 0.65eV Ref 66) is close to the Si bulk correction 
    and we have assumed the same value for the shift for all the states.
    On the other hand, this approximation has already been used in linear optical 
    calculations for surfaces, see [PRL 76 2810 (1996)], thus improving the 
    agreement with experimental results. 
    
    We have modified the introduction consequently.

    Document corrections
    -----------------------
    See corrections.tex:
    @119: Introduction
    @1192: Half-slab vs. full-slab

3. At the top of page 6 the authors write that X2 satisfies intrinsic 
permutation symmetry and then they put an equation with the same X2 in 
both sides. They should correct this mistake.

We have corrected this typo.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Report of the Second Referee -- BZ12227/Anderson
----------------------------------------------------------------------
1. In one of their own papers by one of the authors, C. Castillo et 
al., PRB 68, 041310(R) (2003), the importance of the elimination of 
the bottom layers of the slab in the case of linear optics has been 
pointed out. Can this argument simply be applied to non-linear optics, 
where at least three light beams have to be discussed? 

2. The reduction of the spectral strength in Fig. 4 in the two lower 
panels is a consequence of the inclusion of the scissors operator in 
the optical matrix elements. Am I right? Is this effect really real? 
Other treatments, e.g. in Ref. [36] and [54], claim that the scissors 
operator should not be taken into the reformulation of the optical 
matrix elements. 

    Our response
    -----------------------
    Indeed the reduction in Fig. 4 is due to the inclusion of the scissors 
    operator. The effect is real and appears also for Second Harmonic 
    Generation (SHG) in bulk systems, see for instance 
    Phys. Rev. B 82, 235201 (2010) Fig1.
    
    The scissors operator induces a change in the energy. As claimed in 
    Ref. [36] and [54], it does not change the optical matrix elements, when 
    using the length gauge for the calculation. However, the situation is 
    different for the velocity gauge. We believe that it makes our treatment 
    in the length gauge easier to implement.
    
    In linear spectra, the effect of the scissors operator appears only as a 
    shift in energy. For SHG, the effect comes from an interplay between 
    several terms, leading to a shift in the position of the peaks, but also 
    to a modification of the spectral shape. To our knowledge, it has always 
    resulted to a reduction of the spectral strength, but due to the complexity 
    of the expression for $\chi^{(2)}, it is difficult to give more general 
    trends (see also Refs.  Phys. Rev. B 71, 195209 (2005) and  
    Phys. Rev. B 72, 045223 (2005)).
    
    We have added a sentence in the discussion of the effect of the scissor 
    in Fig. 6

    Document corrections
    -----------------------
    See corrections.tex
    @1270: Results section C

3. Abstract / Introduction: cancel “for the first time” 

We have removed the phrases. 

4. Abstract: cancel: “Our scheme … is exact” 

We have removed the phrase. 

5. Formulation in introduction “Radiation can occur …” is wrong 

We have change the phrase to
"However, the SHG process can occur only  
at the surface where the inversion symmetry is  
broken."  

6. Sec.II.B: The description of light-matter interaction by the 
Hamiltonian (6) is invalid, because Bloch matrix elements of the space 
operator cannot be computed. However, another formulation as given in 
M. Gajdos et al., PRB 73, 045112 (2006) is possible. This 
representation is more convenient because no non-local contributions 
to the optical matrix element occur. A comparison as in B. Adolph et 
al., PRB 63, 125108 (2001), done for linear optics could also be 
helpful in the case of SHG. 

    Our response
    -----------------------
    We have defined the light-matter interaction using the formalism described in: 
    S. Ismail-Beigi, E.K. Chang and S. Louie, Phys. Rev. Lett. 87, 087402 (2001)
    expressed in the velocity gauge and accounting for nonlocal potentials. One 
    can show that using a gauge transformation, the Hamiltonian is transformed 
    into the effective Hamiltonian (Eq.(6)). Note that this gauge transformation 
    is valid to all orders in the vector potential A(t). At this point, the 
    interaction Hamiltonian has to be treated with great care, when expanding 
    the wavefunction onto Bloch states. We have followed the procedure used by 
    E. I. Blount, F. Seitz, and D. Turnbull, Solid State Phys. 13, 305 (1962) and 
    J. E. Sipe and A. I. Shkrebtii, Phys. Rev. B 61, 5337 (2000). 
    It amounts to splitting the operator r into the interband (r_e) and  
    intraband (r_i) parts. The only contributions to the final expression 
    Eq. (8) are quantities defined in terms of r_e and r_i, that can be computed 
    for Bloch states.
    
    Section II.B has been slightly rewritten and reorganized. 
    
    The equivalence between the length and velocity (or transverse) gauges has 
    been checked by Sipe and co-authors in the case of SHG for local potentials 
    (see PRB 43 8990 (1991)). This demontration can be further extended to 
    the case of nonlocal potentials, even when using the cut-function used in 
    Section III.
    
    Concerning the suggestion of the referee to compare with the PAW approach, 
    as performed in PRB 63, 125108 (2001), we agree that this would give very 
    interesting insights in the case of SHG. However, our framework used for 
    the surface cannot be presently extended to PAW.

    Document corrections
    -----------------------
    See corrections.tex:
    @409: Length Gauge Formalism

7. The k-integration in 3D as indicated in many formulas from (18) and 
below does not fit to the slab approximation. Usually, only a 2D 
integration in k-space has to be performed.

